Add support for checking bulk upload status (#18)
caplena/caplena-python: docs/source/creating-projects.rst

  n_batches = np.ceil(len(rows)/20) # compute the number of batches needed
  row_batches = np.array_split(rows, n_batches) # do the batching

  new_rows = []
  for row_batch in row_batches:
      new_rows.append(new_project.append_rows(rows=list(row_batch))) # need to cast to list from ndarray

> This process takes a while, to monitor the status you can use `task_id` property from the `RowsAppend` response and call `get_append_status`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This process may take a while, to monitor the status you can use `get_append_status` and simply wait for the status to no longer be `in_progress`

.. code-block:: python

  while new_project.get_append_status().status == 'in_progress':
      time.sleep(10)
 
  
If you need more fine-grained tracking of bulk row append operations, use the `task_id` property from the `RowsAppend` response and call `get_append_status`.
```

.. code-block:: python

  # Check append status one by one using their IDs:
  for append_task in new_rows:
      while new_project.get_append_status(task_id=append_task.task_id).status == 'in_progress':
          time.sleep(10)
  # OR
  # Check all append statuses form the project
  all_tasks = new_project.get_append_status()
  for task in all_tasks.tasks:
      if task['status'] == 'in_progress':
          # Do something when upload not ready
      elif task['status'] == 'failed':
          # Do something when task has failed
      elif task['status'] == 'timed_out':
          # Do something when task timed_out
      elif task['status'] == 'succeeded':
          # Do something when task succeeded

> When all upload tasks will succeeded the data will be uploaded to Caplena and ready to be analyzed!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When all upload tasks have succeeded the data will be available on Caplena and topics will be assigned if any topics were defined on the column.
```
